Added contents in FAQ.md. (#9126)
meshery/meshery: docs/pages/project/FAQ.md

- _Kubernetes user._
- _[Scoop user](https://github.com/meshery/scoop-bucket)._ 

> #### Question: Is Meshery a service mesh?
> 
> **Answer:** _No, as the cloud native management plane, Meshery provisions and manages the lifecycle of service meshes and all other kinds of cloud native infrastructure._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

#### Is Meshery open source project?

**Answer:** _Yes, Meshery is a Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF) project and is licensed under Apache v2. As the cloud native management plane, Meshery is an extensible platform, offering multiple extension points within which users and partners can customize and extend Meshery's functionality._

#### Question: Why should I use Meshery?

> **Answer:** _Meshery is an open source, vendor neutral project that facilitates testing across meshes. Other performance benchmark tools are not packaged into a mesh testing utility, but are only load-generators unto their own._

Reviewer: @Zubiii333 message when you have changed this.

> **Answer:** _Meshery is a powerful tool for managing ​service meshes and ​Kubernetes infrastructure. It seamlessly integrates with different service meshes and offers extensibility through dedicated adapters for each supported service mesh. With Meshery, you can easily configure your environment and service meshes, upload and manage applications, and analyze performance._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Answer:** _Meshery is a powerful tool for managing ​Kubernetes infrastructure. It seamlessly integrates with different hundreds of tools and offers extensibility through many different [extension points]({{site.baseurl}}/extensibility/#extension-points). With Meshery, you can easily discover your environment, collaboratively manage multiple Kubernetes clusters, connect your Git and Helm repos, and analyze app and infra performance._
```
